Let's do our best today!
And since we have
two medals now,
we just gotta make sure
we get three more!
Huh? That's weird.
It's morning, isn't it?
Yeah.
Wonder what's going on.
[RISA] Bad news,
my map isn't displaying.
Odd. Neither is mine.
Same here.
And to make matters worse,
it looks like messaging
is down, too.
[KUROMU] There's no telling
what might happen.
We'd better stick together,
just to be safe.
[KAEDE]
Right, good idea.
What now?
[KAEDE]
Where the heck am I?
Sally! Guys!
Oh, yeah. No map.
Guess I'll have to
go it alone for now.
Just hang in there, everyone.
Don't die!
[RISA grunts]
Looks like they decided
to split us all up.
Those admins are malicious.
I'm sure Maple will be okay,
but I'm worried about the twins.
[RISA]
Huh?
[FREDERICA] Oopsie,
didn't mean to interfere.
[RISA]
Frederica?
[FREDERICA laughs]
So, we meet again, huh?
Well, let's crush
a monster or two.
Oboro! Fire Child!
[OBORO vocalizes]
Multi-Fire!
Hey, Notes. Song time!
[NOTES vocalizes]
All right. Cross Fire.
Shadow Clone!
[OBORO vocalizes]
Okay, then.
Guess I'll attack.
Use Multi-Waterbolt!
[FREDERICA]
Let's finish this up.
Multi-Firebolt!
Notes, use Amplify!
[FREDERICA]
Whew!
Looks like we managed
to beat them.
My guildmates are all far away,
so I was wondering what I was
gonna do without their help.
[RISA] Wait. You know
where your group is at?
Yeah.
I have a skill that
helps me with that.
So, I have a
proposition for you.
It involves us teaming up.
That right?
Bingo!
I mean, there are
no downsides to it.
Sure beats fighting alone.
Hmm. Well, it's a
compelling argument.
[FREDERICA]
Right? So, we're good, then?
[RISA]
Yep.
[FREDERICA] I take it you can't
get in touch with your crew,
either? Just stick
with me for a while.
Yeah. Will do.
That's strange.
Those from the event?
Nope. That's our
guild's special signal.
It's perfect for
something like this.
You can set off
fireworks in here?
No way.
That's just our leader
setting off explosives
she sticks on herself,
Maple-style.
Huh? She does what?
Uh, hey wait for me!
[RISA]
Pedal to the metal, Frederica,
or I'll leave you behind!
[FREDERICA] Ugh. You're
kinda bossy, you know that?
I'm okay!
That said, I hope someone
finds us quickly.
All right, Syrup, you're up!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
Syrup, use Spirit Cannon!
[SYRUP]
Tur... tle!
Okay, it's my turn!
That's not really a good spot to
hang out, Mister Monster!
[SYRUP]
Turtle?
[KAEDE yells]
So soft.
[MII] Do I even wanna know
what you're doing, Maple?
Mii!
Hurry, before we're
digital minced meat!
This is a bad situation!
[BLAZING BRO A]
You okay?
Can you stand up?
It's no use, bro!
We're already as good as dead!
[BLAZING BRO A]
Keep it together!
Come on, you're a
strong guy, aren't ya?
[BLAZING BRO C sobs]
It's just a little further.
You can do it!
[BLAZING BRO C sobs]
Hurry. I believe in you.
Start moving!
This is no time for
passionate speeches!
I'm coming!
[KAEDE]
What? The whole map?
Yeah.
Seems it's being swallowed up by
darkness from the outside in.
It's already claimed several of
my fellow group members.
I'll be super careful, then.
I'll find some way to repay
you for all of your help.
Funny you should say that.
There is something you can do.
Mind holding this?
It's going to disappear
once the event is over.
Let's see.
Oh, it's a Marker Card.
That's really all you want?
Yeah. Keep it.
It's a special item
that Markus crafted.
As long as you have this,
I'll know where you are.
Wow, that's really handy.
Thank you!
Turtle!
The next time we meet,
I hope it won't be as enemies.
Take care.
Yeah! Thanks again!
See you later!
[MII]
Bye!
[KAEDE]
All right.
We gotta get back to
setting off fireworks.
Right, Syrup?
Turtle!
Your companion's
ability is amazing.
[MARKUS] I still can't believe
the two logistics specialists
got stuck in a dungeon.
Depending on what the
boss is, we're toast.
This sucks big time.
Well fortunately, I'm with
Markus the Trapper.
I think we'll be fine.
[MARKUS] Thanks, but flattery
will get you nowhere.
[KUROMU] We gotta do
something about their numbers.
It's okay, we can use their
own numbers against them.
Help me out, Bell!
[KUROMU] Man, I'm so glad I got
paired up with support like you.
Well, having a fantastic shield
user like you isn't bad either.
[KUROMU]
Aw, shucks!
Necro! Use Burst Flame!
Holy Spear!
[KUROMU] Revitalize! Necro!
Armored: Strong!
[KUROMU] How long
do you think we'll last?
[MISERY]
Don't give up.
It shouldn't be much longer.
Look! There she is!
[KUROMU]
So cool.
Mii! Thanks so much
for the assist.
I'm glad you're safe.
Oh, Kuromu is with you?
[KUROMU]
Sure am.
By any chance, have you
seen anyone from my guild?
I actually saw Maple earlier.
She was up to something
pretty crazy, though.
[KUROMU]
Oh, you mean the fireworks?
Fireworks?
We'll-- Let's talk later.
It seems Shin and
Markus are still alive.
Let's find them.
Nice. We should hurry, then.
[KUROMU]
Would it be okay if I tag along?
Before I ran into Misery,
I saw a few other players
milling about.
While I'm not completely sure,
I kind of assume running
into this many people
on such a large playing
field means that everyone's
being sent to roughly
the same spawning points.
I see.
So, you suspect the
members of Maple Tree
might be near where our
guildmates are located.
Right?
[KUROMU] It's only a
possibility, but it sure beats
searching blindly.
What about Maple?
[KUROMU]
Maple's pretty innovative;
she'll be fine on her
own for a while.
[MII laughs]
You do have a point.
It'd be nice to have
a shield user with us.
I suppose we'll be working
together a little bit longer,
then. I'm looking
forward to it.
[KUROMU]
Yeah. Let's do this thing.
[MARKUS]
Remote Trap. Wind Strike!
Do it!
[MARKUS]
Change!
[IZ]
Nice work!
It's easier to aim when
they're this close!
Cannons. Fire!
Huh, what was that?
[KUROMU]
Probably our Crafter.
She's scary when she's angry.
[KUROMU]
Hey, Iz!
Looks like you're okay!
Oh, Kuromu?
[MARKUS]
Mii! Thank goodness!
[MII]
I'm glad you're safe, Markus.
I was a bit worried when your
signal disappeared suddenly.
[MARKUS]
Well, yeah.
A lot has happened,
but I guess I came out
more or less intact.
But on the plus side,
we just beat a boss
and got medals.
[chuckles]
I got the notification.
Thanks for your hard work.
[KUROMU]
You two beat it on your own?
[laughs] We made a pretty
good team! Right?
[MARKUS] With your firepower,
I'm sure you're more than
capable of fighting on your own.
Oh, please.
I'm just a Crafter, after all.
You were a huge help, Markus!
Gotta give credit
where it's due!
[laughs]
[KASUMI] I can't believe they
multiply when slain.
I wonder how many are left.
[SHIN] Dunno, but it
feels like a million.
Whatever, looks
like I'm up again.
[KASUMI] Good luck.
I'm counting on you, Shin.
Wen! Wind God!
Now, Split-Sword!
[laughs]
Big numbers aren't
enough to defeat me--
[KASUMI]
Phantom Blade!
[KASUMI yells]
Thanks a lot. You saved my skin.
[laughs]
That said,
you make for an
adorable little warrior.
Shut up!
Don't make me skewer you!
I guess we managed
to get out alive.
But even if I manage
to find Mii somehow,
our base is probably long gone.
Huh?
Hey! Hey!
We're over here!
Stop it, before they see us!
Uh yeah, that's kind
of the point, silly.
Come on, help me signal them.
[KASUMI yelps]
[SHIN]
Hey! Hey!
Hey...
Thanks for the help.
I doubt I would have survived
this battle on my own.
Sure, no problem.
Though, to be honest, having you
for support has made it easy.
I owe ya one.
You two stay hidden
for a bit longer,
since I can't protect you guys
the same way Maple can.
Sorry for the trouble.
Yeah, thank you both.
Hey, good news, looks like
Frederica's headed this way.
Just have to hang tough!
Agreed!
Go, Fireball!
[DRAG yells]
Earth Surge!
Awesome!
If only we could
also fight like that.
Then we'd be more useful.
Don't be sad, we all
have different things
we're good and bad at.
And I'm positive there will
be a time for you guys
to shine, too.
[MAY, YUI]
Uh, right!
Whoops!
Protective Barrier!
Nice guarding!
You're every bit as
good as Frederica!
Well, that's good to know, Drag.
Guess you won't need my
help in the future, then.
Oh, you're here already?
That was pretty quick.
[KANADE]
Nice!
And you brought Sally with you!
So this is where you were.
And you've got Yui and May, too?
[YUI] Yep. We were making
our way to Maple
and were almost there,
but Sis and I are just too slow.
Yui. The fight's still going on.
We'll have to save
small talk for later.
[RISA] Hmm. We might actually
be all for good now.
[MAY, YUI]
Huh?
[PAYNE]
Sword of Judgment!
[DREAD]
Whirlwind Flurry!
I'm glad you're safe.
[DREAD] Though, I didn't expect
to find more than our own
guild members.
Yay, Payne and Dread are here!
Wow, you two sure have
gotten a lot stronger.
Now I'm happy that the
main event wasn't PVP.
[PAYNE]
Where are the other members?
There aren't too
many of them left.
Apparently, our base got
swallowed up ages ago.
So now we'll have to
find a new location.
Damn, that's frustrating.
Perfecting our base
was a lot of hard work.
[DREAD]
Nothing we can do, though.
Gonna be hard to keep exploring
continuously without a base.
So, hey.
I have an idea I'd like
to negotiate with you.
Is that all right?
[KAEDE]
Huh? What does that mean?
Simple.
We would offer up
the use of our base
and then have the other
guilds go there with us.
[KUROMU] Yeah, I was
thinking the same thing.
What do you say, Guildmaster?
Oh! Good idea!
With everyone, we can beat any
monsters that might attack!
The more the merrier,
right, Syrup?
Turtle!
Then it's settled! Hopefully, we
won't be too big of a burden.
We don't have much
to offer, though.
[MARKUS]
Maple's base, huh?
Are there any weird traps?
Nah!
I'm sure that it's mostly safe.
"Mostly"?
More importantly, how'd your
base end up exactly
in the middle of the map?
Sure is convenient.
Well, that was kind
of just chance.
Maple has, like,
crazy good luck.
Maple's the coolest, isn't she?
We're a pretty big group. Sorry.
It's fine!
Plus, having more people
means having more fun!
You know?
Thank you.
The rest of our guild
members should be arriving
any moment now.
[BLAZING BRO A]
Hey, Boss!
[chattering]
[DREAD] Look who's still
alive and kicking.
I see.
And you thought Maple
had good luck.
Okay.
In that case, I guess it's
about time to head back!
While I doubt space
will pose a problem,
we'll need to make sure
the other guilds can use
the various facilities.
Ah! I'll have to make
a few things!
Which means it's time to
show off my Crafter skills!
Wait. I know that look.
She's fired up!
[F ADMIN A] All right, it's
just about time to release
the day-two monsters!
[ADMIN A]
Yep.
It seems the forced relocation
took out a big chunk of players.
Now to give the rest of
them a series of trials!
[ADMIN B] Looks like all
the players are still pretty
scattered, too.
[SECRETARY] They won't complain
that we're being unfair again,
will they?
[ADMIN A]
Huh? Um, no way!
We divided them up by
difficulty level this time,
and the event wouldn't
be fun if the highest
difficulty was
that easy to beat.
[ADMIN C]
Hey! Look at this!
[ADMIN B] Is that more than
two parties in one place?
[F ADMIN A]
Where is that?
[SECRETARY] A dungeon made even
more deadly by the players:
Maple Tree.
The surviving members of
Order of the Holy Sword
and the Flame Emperors have
joined them in their base.
[ADMIN A]
Why? How?
[F ADMIN A] So many players!
So many players!
[ADMIN B] And sending all
of tonight's monsters there
to attack would be far too
cruel-- for the monsters.
[ADMIN C] But then we
can't stop them! Right?
[ADMIN A] We did all the
thinking and adjusting we could
to minimize the number
of players that actually
complete this event.
[F ADMIN A]
Yeah.
We sent out strong monsters,
we destroyed bases,
we even made the maps unusable.
[ADMIN B] Not to mention,
we added completion prizes
appropriate to the
difficulty level.
[ADMIN C] But if the three top
guilds really are working
together, then a lot more people
are gonna complete the event
than we initially planned for!
[ADMIN A]
So, what happens if they do?
[F ADMIN A]
You don't know?
[ADMIN B] We'll have to
keep making adjustments.
[ADMINS groan]
Oh, hey. What's that thing?
[MARKUS]
Uh, it's a--
Whoa, so cool!
[MARKUS] Um, as long
as it's within sight,
we can tell what types
of traps have been reset
a-and the monsters'
overall strength.
It's a little boring
just waiting around.
Settled in already?
Well, I've been to Maple
Tree lots of times before.
Says a lot about how many
times Sally's beaten you
at your own game.
[RISA laughs]
It looks like we might
have a visitor.
Those might make it
all the way in here.
They're much stronger
than yesterday's.
Yo, Payne!
There's work to do!
Right.
I'm more than happy to do
my fair share of work.
[MII]
I'll go, as well.
Everybody else should
rest up for later.
Don't be stingy with
your strength, Payne.
Please. I'd never.
[FREDERICA]
All right!
Here. Just a few quick
buffs for the road.
You two behave!
[KAEDE]
Bye! Be careful, okay?
Ignis! Phoenix Flame!
Become Fire!
Ray, use Torrent of Light!
Now then, Release All Magic!
Karmic Fire of Carnage!
Holy Dragon Light Blade!
C'mon!
What's wrong with you two?
You took out Markus's camera
along with the monsters!
[PAYNE] I didn't know the buff
extended our range. Sorry.
Um, yeah. Apologies.
[MARKUS] They destroyed
my super rare item.
I'm deeply sorry for
your loss, Markus.
[MARKUS] Not to mention,
it's going to take forever
to reset everything.
What do I do?
[RISA]
Eh. He has a point.
It'll be pretty inefficient to
keep resetting our traps
and cameras every time.
So what should we do?
I think we can intercept
most of the monsters.
Looking at the ones
Payne and Mii fought,
I feel pretty confident we
can handle their strength.
True. Well, then.
We should go out
and conquer dungeons.
We'll secure as many
medals as possible.
[KAEDE]
What? You want us to go outside?
It's a good idea, considering
the way we were all
forcibly relocated today.
It's highly likely that
something similar could happen
again tomorrow.
Between yesterday and today,
which one was more dangerous?
We need to be prepared.
Ha. So, you had the
same idea, huh?
We lost a lot of our
guild members today,
but we still need
to be proactive.
All righty! You can
count on our help, too!
Hold up. Seriously?
It'll be easier to fight
that way, right?
Well, you heard
our guild master.
What do you guys say?
[PAYNE, MII]
We accept.
[KAEDE]
Okay, so here's the plan.
May, Yui, Markus, and Dread
will go to the east.
[SALLY] Meanwhile, Payne,
Misery, Iz, and Kanade
will go to the west.
[KAEDE] We'll have Drag,
Shin, Kuromu, and Kasumi
go to the south.
Which leaves us four.
Myself, Maple, Mii, and
Frederica will go north.
And our group...
...will stay behind as guards.
We'll provide base support!
Just leave those disgusting
base-invading monsters to us!
[squeals]
[KAEDE]
Our goal is to get medals!
Let's get as many as we can
before the night's over!
[GROUP]
Yeah!